Previously, on Ray Donovan...
Do you think about it?
You think about what you did?
I shot him, he's dead.
What's the difference?
Got what he deserved.
Aah!
Jesus, Pop! Will you stop?
I taped every fuckin' thing
Jimmy ever said to me.
_
Fuck this.
Are you still workin'
for that piece a shit?
After what he did to your sister?
Aah!
What the fuck?
Oh, shit!
Jas!
God damn it, I said stop... Uhh...
On the ground.
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Daryll said that you
went crazy on that cop.
He said that you shot him like 20 times.
I shot him, he's dead.
What's the difference?
You don't feel bad?
You don't feel bad for the families?
No, I don't feel bad.
He got what he deserved.
How 'bout Lieutenant Radulovic?
Did he get what he deserved?
Shot multiple times,
decapitated with a fucking chainsaw
and dumped like trash.
And Officer Clancy. And Officer Bianchi.
They took my daughter.
Why? Why did they take your daughter?
Because I knew what they were doin'.
What were they doing?
Runnin' a kickback scam
through Arthur Kill prison.
- Who was?
- The cops and a judge
named Scholl... IAB already
had an investigation...
a guy named Lake, but, uh...
guess you know what happened to him.
Who killed Lake?
We makin' a deal or what?
Radulovic.
Under orders from Feratti.
Wait a minute... so you're tellin' me
that the Mayor of New York City
called a hit on an IAB investigator?
That's what I just said.
Can you prove it?
No.
But what if I can bring in Judge Scholl?
Swear to God, you haven't heard music
till you hear it on this system.
It's like being there live.
Fine. You're taking your life
in your own hands.
It's worth it if you'll dance with me.
Holy shit!
This is mind-blowing.
Yeah, I told you.
Turn it up, turn it up.
♪ Ah, woman ♪
♪ Woman your touch ♪
♪ Your touch has gone cold ♪
♪ As if someone else ♪
♪ Controls your very soul ♪
♪ I've fooled myself ♪
♪ Long as I can ♪
♪ Can feel the presence ♪
♪ Of another man ♪
♪ It's there when you speak my name ♪
♪ It's just not the same ♪
♪ Ooh, babe ♪
♪ I'm losin' you ♪
Rent's due Friday. Pony up.
I'm 20 short. I'll have it by tonight.
- I'll cover ya.
- I said I'd have it.
You don't need to cover for me.
Jesus, Bridge... you're
like a fuckin' bank teller.
- Where'd you get all that?
- Babysitting.
What?
Nothin'.
Brendan Donovan!
What?
- Easy.
- You steal money
- from your own family.
- Grocery money.
Grocery money?
Pop-Tarts.
You buy these?
Yeah, why?
Nothing.
They're good.
You make me one a those?
Sure.
Need you to put on a suit
and go into Staten Island today.
A suit?
Yeah.
Oh!
Thank you, Terry.
W-you're welcome.
Oh...
I'm sorry to put you to the trouble.
I didn't know who else I could ask.
It's all right.
Oh, it belonged to my grandmother.
How you feelin'?
Never better.
You know the drip they have me on...
well, it's like a martini
on an empty stomach.
Sláinte.
How are you feeling?
All right.
Oh, a positive attitude
is everything, right?
Promise me you'll take
better care of yourself.
Take your meds. Go to physical therapy.
Sure, I will.
That didn't sound so convincing.
I can't make promises
I'm not gonna keep.
Sweetheart...
the man you are going to be
is going to be standing
on top of a mountain
made of the dead versions of yourself.
I don't know yet.
- I may go shopping.
- Okay.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
I'll see you later.
We need to talk.
Jesus, not out here.
Not in there either.
Why not?
I found this in my office last night.
You know where, uh, Frankie Lee is?
Afternoon.
I'm looking for a guy named Frankie Lee.
Shut the door.
I'm Frankie Lee.
I understand that, uh,
you know how to move private stock.
- Who told you that?
- My sister-in-law knows a guy
who, you know, knows a guy.
What kinda stocks?
Twenty percent of Sullivan Industries.
Estimated valuation pre-IPO
is 2.4 billion.
Holy shit!
That much, huh?
Where's the paper?
My, uh, my son has it.
It's in my other son's name.
You always sell things
that don't belong to you?
Basically, I'm one of the founders
of Sullivan Industries, okay?
It's my stock. It's
just in my son's name.
Come back when you got the paper.
Wait, wait... help me out here.
Gimme something to convince him.
How much do we lose,
uh, convertin' it to cash?
Will you take Bitcoin?
What the fuck is that?
You want old-fashioned cash
and you want to keep this deal quiet,
I can get you 65, 75 million.
- Minus my 20 percent.
- Whoa!
- That's a big haircut, Frankie.
- You don't like it,
put your shit on eBay.
Ooh.
Should be the last one.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
What are you doin'?
Calling the mayor.
Who do you think ordered all this?
Feratti?
He won't come after me.
He's in as deep as I am.
IAB already knows about the prison scam.
They just don't know
who the players are.
My guess is Feratti's
tryin' to pin it on you.
I got a friend inside, a detective.
Trust me, Judge... they don't
want us, they want the mayor.
What kind of a deal did they offer you?
Immunity.
Bullshit.
I cooperate, I walk.
I'm a fuckin' judge, Ray.
They're never gonna let me walk.
You give them Feratti,
they'll give you anything you want.
Call me when you're ready to talk.
Terry!
- Oh, hey.
- What's going on?
We haven't seen you in forever.
Oh... oh, you know, fam... family stuff.
Oh. I'm actually with
somebody else right now.
After your first two no-shows,
we took you off the schedule.
Aw, that's all... I-I can just go.
No, no, no, you're both in LSVT,
so I can put you two together.
Come on!
Terry, this is Artie.
He'll be your partner today.
Pleasure to meet you, Terry.
I got ten more to go.
Ladies, gentlemen, non-binary
members of the jury,
the evidence that I will
submit shortly will show,
as clear as day...
the facts of this case.
You will see on CCTV footage
that my client fell from
a second-floor balcony.
You will see on CCTV footage
the railing of that balcony
in obvious disrepair.
Yeah.
The judge's wife made me.
Good.
- What's wrong?
- Nothin'.
What are you cryin' for?
Did you break up with your boyfriend?
Mind your own fuckin' business, okay?
Don't go.
Bridget...
please don't leave me.
Can you just talk to me about this?
Li... You can't just walk
away from everyth...
Bridget...
I love you so much.
And I know that you
think that I fucked up,
but I didn't.
I didn't... everything I
did was to protect you.
You wore a fucking wire.
They already have a case on your dad.
No, they don't! They didn't have a case.
They have you, and they
have your fucking wire.
You don't get it... they
were gonna arrest everybody.
So you turn against me and my dad...
- Not you!
- And my whole fucking family?
Not you... this whole
thing was to save you!
You did it to save yourself.
They have evidence. They have proof.
They have fingerprints.
They have blood.
Don't you get that?
That all of us, we're all just fucked.
That's the only reason I
wore a wire was to save you,
'cause you didn't kill anybody.
I never wanna see you again.
- Bridget Donovan.
- Yeah?
I'm Detective Perry with NYPD.
Can you step over here,
hands on the hood?
Bags down, hands on the hood of the car.
God... Fuck!
Hey, hey, no, no, no, no!
Hold on! We had a deal!
Come on! Fuck!
Ah...
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
Whoa!
Ahh...
Good! Do this twice a day at home.
You'll start to notice a big difference.
Yeah... my neighbors'll start to think
I lost my fuckin' mind.
I have a neighbor who pulls
her children away from me
on the sidewalk.
I can't blame her. I mean, I'm...
I'm shaking and I lose
my balance sometimes.
She must think I'm an alcoholic.
I am an alcoholic.
And I make a mean martini,
shaken, not stirred.
Ahh...
You certainly know how
to send a message.
No, here's my message, Declan.
You killed her, so you explain
her body to the cops.
I want those fuckin' papers.
You bring me what you promised,
and I'll give you the briefcase.
You wanna tell me what's goin' on here?
Hmm?
Yeah.
I got problems.
Okay.
Declan went after your brother.
- Who?
- Daryll.
For the stocks.
He made a fuckin' mess of things.
Why you callin' me?
Your brother's holed up
in some shitty motel,
the Lightning Motel out in Queens.
I can't right now.
Look, I don't want this to escalate
into a fuckin' war between our families.
I'll call ya later.
Something wrong?
He's still fucking following me.
Mayor's office. Can you hold please?
No, Avis, I can't hold.
This is Judge Scholl.
I need to speak to the mayor right away.
He's in a meeting. May I
take a message please?
Tell him to fucking call me.
_
- That's the daughter.
- Bridget Donovan?
Well, it gets better and better.
Your father told me what
those officers did to you.
How they kidnapped you,
held you for days.
I'm sorry.
I really am. That must
have been terrifying.
Were you thinking about that
when you cut their heads off?
I'm not sure I know what you mean.
Then let me walk you through it.
On the night of November 7th last year,
you were being held hostage
at a motel in Staten Island.
They got Bridget.
Cops.
They came to our apartment.
They took her in.
You know, I... I did it for her.
They promised they wouldn't
charge her if I would.
I only did it for her.
Hey, Smit.
Smitty, was that Ray?
Was that Ray that, uh, took off so fast?
You know where he's goin'?
Know when he's comin' back, Smit?
I dunno.
Anybody heard from Daryll?
I dunno, I dunno.
You don't know much, do ya?
Oh, God!
What's the matter?
What's the matter, kid?
What's the matter? Hey, talk to me.
You okay?
I used to go ten rounds
and hardly break a sweat.
You were a boxer?
Yeah. Look at me now.
What do you do for work?
I'm retired for the most part,
but I still see a few patients.
- Are you a doctor?
- Yeah.
Well, maybe you can cure yourself.
Not that kind.
- Well, what kind?
- Psychiatrist.
- I see.
- Naw.
I don't know nothin'
about that kinda shit.
Goin' to see a doctor to talk or...
or worse, goin' to get pills
to make your dick soft.
But my kid brother, he
goes to see one-a you.
I mean, he says it works, so...
maybe I don't know shit about shit.
Might help. I see one.
You do?
Everybody in my profession
has a therapist.
That's why they're in my profession.
Well, it must be fuckin' hard bein' sick
and tryin' to help sick people.
Well, actually, it helps me
take my mind off myself.
You'd have a full-time job in my family.
Bein' a Donovan family therapist.
You could become fuckin'
rich if we had any money.
I'd better get going.
H-hey, hey, listen,
if... if you want a
drink or somethin'...
you just let me know, a'ight?
Bye, Terry.
It was a real pleasure talking with you.
Go to the courthouse right away.
Tail the judge. Make sure he sees ya.
A'ight.
So...
you fed a little cheese
to the cops... so what?
You were trying to save your wife.
I should kill myself.
People pass judgment on rats.
But few understand
what it's like to be under
that kinda pressure.
Everyone thinks that they can hold up.
The truth is, everyone's a rat.
At one point or another.
It's human nature.
No, it's not.
Even Ray ratted me out.
Put me in prison.
I ratted other people out
in order to survive.
You do what you gotta do.
You'll be all right.
You didn't rat on me, did ya?
No.
I didn't say anything about you.
That's... that's a good boy.
Hey... hey.
You're aces with me, kiddo, huh?
You're aces with me.
Now, why don't you
take your old granddad
over to the bank?
The bank? Why?
Well, a dead man can't
open a bank account,
and I need a place where I can receive
wire transfers.
Now, you do this for me,
there's $100,000 in it for ya.
See?
Things'll get quite
rosy, ya hang with me.
Let's go.
Mayor Feratti's office.
I need to speak to the mayor now.
I'm sorry, but he's in a meeting.
Avis, I don't give a
shit what he's doing.
Tell Feratti that Judge Scholl
is about to burn his fucking
life down to the ground
if he doesn't speak to me now.
Hold, please.
Yeah.
Judge Scholl keeps
calling me. He's paranoid.
Thinks somebody's bugging his office.
Yeah?
Saying irrational things,
making threats. Honestly,
I think he's having
some kinda breakdown.
I'll talk to him.
- Daryll.
- Hey, Ma.
What's going on, son? Everything okay?
Yeah, uh, everything's great,
you know, really good.
Is it really... I mean,
you telling me the truth?
Ma, everything is cool.
Well, all right, that's good to hear.
Thank goodness.
I'm gonna be, uh, takin' a trip.
With Mickey?
No. No, not with Mickey.
You were right about Dad.
So I'm gonna be doin' my own thing.
But I-I just wanted to hear your voice.
Daryll, what's goin' on?
Ma, nothing!
Look, sweetheart, if you're in trouble,
if you need somethin'...
there's nothin' you could do,
there's nothin' you could say
that could ever make me
stop loving you, Daryll.
Hey, Ma, actually, I gotta go.
- But, uh, love you.
- Daryll.
Daryll...
I've got good news.
Donovan just flipped Judge Scholl.
- Son of a bitch!
- If we can draw
a straight line from Scholl to Feratti,
corruption to murder,
we take down the mayor.
They think it's terrorists.
The police. They're... assuming
that it has something to
do with one of my cases.
Brought in the FBI.
They'll probably...
turn... every fuckin' Muslim
I've ever had in my
courtroom inside out.
What was I supposed to say?
The fuckin' mayor of New York City
had me car bombed?
Where the fuck are you taking me?
Jesus.
Uh... a-a-are you sure
you trust this cop?
I trust her.
I can't go to prison.
I'm a fucking judge. They'll kill me.
Who is this?
It's Claudette.
I got your number from Mickey.
- What do ya want?
- It's Daryll.
I think he's in real trouble.
He called me, and there's just
something about his voice.
He just, h...
It-it-it scared me.
- Where is he?
- I don't know where he is.
I've called him three times now.
He's not answerin' his phone.
Ray, I wouldn't call you
if I didn't really need your help.
Will you help me find him?
I'll find him.
Thank y...
Motherfucker.
No, I'm going.
♪ I got to get away ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
- You okay?
- I'm fine.
Just take me home, will ya?
I thought you had baby-sittin'.
I'm done with that.
Can you please just take me home?
- W-what's goin' on with you?
- I had to deal with this shit
- from Gary, and now you?
- I'm just sayin',
I thought you liked
babysittin' for Molly.
Aren't they expectin' you?
Just please take me home, Ray.
Okay.
It's open.
What the fuck are you doin' here, Ray?
I'm here to help, Daryll.
Sullivan told you where I was?
Yeah.
I swear to Christ, Ray,
if you don't turn and go,
I will fucking kill you.
Why're you doin' this, Daryll?
He killed her.
Who?
My girl.
He fuckin' shot her.
Declan?
Ray, you just better fucking leave.
But you tell Declan
if he wants his shit,
he can come get it.
I know you wanna get even, Daryll,
but this isn't the way to do it.
What happens after you shoot Declan?
Huh? What then?
You just... runnin' for the
rest of your life like Mick?
That what you want?
And why the fuck do you care?
What do you fucking care what I do, Ray?
I'm your brother, Daryll.
Now I'm your brother?
Oh, you motherfucker.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't do that. Hey.
Daryll.
Put the gun down. Look at me.
Look at... Daryll.
I been there.
You know that.
Gimme the gun.
Come on.
- Come on, D, gimme the gun.
- Ughhh...
Sit tight.
I'll fix this, I promise.
Ray.
You kill that motherfucker.
Yeah?
I need you to do me a favor.
What's up?
Head over to the Lightning
Motel in Queens.
What for?
I need you to pick up Daryll.
Everything all right?
Yeah. I'll call ya later.
Ah...
What's that?
Champagne.
- What for?
- For fuckin' hope, for dreams!
Let ya in on a secret...
all champagne is the same.
Don't matter if ya pay $14
or 114.
After one glass a the...
the fuckin' bubbles,
it all tastes the same.
Because it is the fuckin' same.
You don't have to wait for good news.
You just gotta celebrate.
Oh! See, this could be good news.
Uh, good evening. Is this Frankie Lee?
How much?
Holy sh-shit!
Frankie, you're a genius!
Good thing we get the bank account.
Now all we need is to find Daryll
and get the paper, huh?
To the best of my knowledge
the mayor started working
with Officer McGrath
about two years ago.
Be specific, please.
Mayor Feratti conspired
with Officer Sean McGrath
to take kickbacks and payoffs.
Uhh...
Yeah.
He's gone.
Scholl?
Fareed is dead. Scholl ran off.
Somebody knows we're here.
We don't get him, all I got is you.
I'm close.
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --